Gossip Girl here,
your one and only source
into the scandalous lives
of Manhattan's elite.
[Kati]
You'll never believe
what's on "Gossip Girl."
[Isabel]
Someone saw Serena getting off
the train at Grand Central.
I thought everything
was good between us.
It was, before I found out
you had sex with my boyfriend.
I didn't come back for you.
Look, Blair's my best friend
and you're her boyfriend,
and she loves you.
You'd really go out
with some guy you don't know?
Well, he can't be worse
than the guys I do know.
If you wanna be a part
of this world, Jenny
you need to decide
if all this is worth it.
[Jenny]
Get off. Stop.
Hey!
That is my little sister!
Bendel's is interested
in carrying my line.
'Cause more people
should be like you, mother.
Eleanor Waldorf is gearing up
to take her company public,
and I've been courting her
for months, so let
me handle the deal.
- Then you should get it.
- I willget it.
If you just help me
out a little bit.
[Gossip Girl]
Spotted S and lonely boy
macking in the meat packing.
Opposites do attract
but for how long?
[indistinct whispering]
And who am I?
That's one secret
I'll never tell.
[theme music]
You know you love me.
XOXO. Gossip Girl.
Long ago, when European royals
grew bored with palace balls
they took a page from the peons
and added some pageantry.
Couture and canape
are just another Saturday night
until you add a mask.
But preparing for a ball
is an event in itself
which is why queens
invented handmaidens.
So the dresses
should be delivered
and I'll take
the small stuff with me.
Which one's yours?
Oh, no. I'm just helping Blair.
But I mean, you know, we'll see.
Well...here's hoping.
♪ And dreams are the words ♪
♪ That tickle your tongue.. ♪
[chuckles]
We'll put it on Blair's tab.
Oh, no, no, no.
The girls at that party
are my best customers.
Why not show off
my latest wares?
'Just return it after the ball.'
[Serena]
So Kati mentioned something
about a custom-made corset
and I hear there
are wigs involved?
It's a masquerade.
You have to conceal
your identity.
But I do have something special
planned for Nate tonight.
It's a game.
It's a scavenger hunt.
Nate starts the night
with a clue..
...which leads him
to a lady in waiting
who gives him a clue
to the next lady--
Wait. Hold on.
You have ladies now?
If he finds me before midnight
when the masks come off..
...he can claim his prize.
And what's that?
Oh.
Yeah, right. Sorry.
[chuckles]
I just figured that..
...after everything
that's happened..
...or...hasn't happened..
...I should find some
way to make it special.
Well, that's really
romantic, Blair.
Really.
Look, um, if you don't want me
to come tonight,
I totally understand.
- 'I could just--'
- What?
No, I want you to come.
In fact, I was hoping
you'd be one of my ladies.
Would you give Nate
the last clue?
Well, are you sure
you want me to?
Tonight is all
about starting over.
I trust you...and him.
Well, then I
will be honored
to serve you, my queen.
[both laughing]
Well, besides, you're
bringing Dan, right?
- A ball?
- Haven't you heard?
Your sister's Cinderella.
And let me guess. Your wicked
stepsister is Blair Waldorf.
Blair may have
asked me to do
a few things,
but I'm happy to help.
And if she happens
to help you out
with an invite and outfit?
Then it'll all be worth it.
Everyone in disguise
'in this old ballroom.'
'It's gonna be amazing.'
You know, I'm actually surprised
Serena didn't mention it.
Why? We've only been out twice.
It's not like all of a sudden we
have to do everything together.
Alright, well, I gotta
go deliver this stuff.
'Let me know if you need me
to pick you up a tux.'
[instrumental music]
What? It's a masked ball.
I'm sure she thinks I'd never go
to something that pretentious
which shows she knows me well.
I know him. A masked ball?
Wait-wait, Dan
would never wanna
go to something
that pretentious
where he has to wear
a mask and a tux?
He likes you, he would
wear a tux and a mask
and one of my
mother's dresses
if it meant that he could
go out with you, come on.
What, are you worried
that he already has a date?
I mean, he is Dan Humphrey.
[chuckles]
Oh, shut up.
I don't know,
I guess a masked ball
is better than
a regular party
because then all those kids
from school that he hates
he won't even recognize them.
Alright. Invite him.
I insist.
No, I'm not saying
I wouldn't go.
If Serena asked me
I wouldn't deprive her
of my company.
No, that would
be too cruel.
But she hasn't asked me, so..
If you wanna go with her
just make it happen.
Put yourself out there.
This thing happens
in a matter of hours.
The window for bold gestures
is officially closed.
[cell phone ringing]
Is that her?
Uh, no, it's Vanessa.
Vanessa?
That's been a while.
Are you gonna answer that?
Of course. Why wouldn't I?
Hello? Vanessa.
[Vanessa on phone]
'Hi. Yeah, it's me.'
So, what's up? What's up?
How's Vermont?
'Do you still have my copy
of "The Crying Of Lot 49?"'
Um, I don't know.
'Well, could you check?'
[chuckles]
Okay.
I haven't talked
to you in over a year
'and you called to ask me
about an old book?'
You know, it could
be anywhere.
Try over by the window.
[laughing]
- Vanessa?
- Surprise!
What? Oh, my God!
- How are you?
- So good to see you.
I can't believe you're here.
What, what are you doing here?
My parents said I could
live with my sister
and finish high school
in the city.
So, so that means you're--
I'm back for good.
Wow, you're..
Wow.
- That is--
- Awesome, I hope?
Yeah. T-totally.
Yes, of course.
It's just...unexpected,
you know?
Unexpectedly awesome.
[cell phone ringing]
Go ahead, answer that. I'm
starving and I smell waffles.
- Rufus.
- 'Vanessa?'
- 'Surprise!'
- Serena, hey.
Hey. Hi.
[Blair on phone]
'Go ahead. Do it.'
Uh-h-h, hey, I
was just wondering
are you, uh, are you
doing anything tonight?
Tonight? No. No, nothing. Why?
Good, because there's this thing
and you're probably gonna
think it's stupid, but..
Try me.
Even cold,
these are so good.
I-I've missed Rufus'
cooking. I have.
[Vanessa on phone]
'Hey, Rufus, do you
have whipped cream?'
Who's that?
Uh, it's, it's my sister.
[Dan on phone]
'But you-you-you
were saying something.'
Hi, Blair. What do you want
me to do with this stuff?
[Blair]
'Oh, just leave 'em
over there. That's fine.'
I left you another list.
[Dan on phone]
'Hello? Is anyone there?'
I'm sorry. Uh...what?
Uh, you, you were
asking me something.
No, uh..
No, never mind.
- Thank you. Have a good day.
- Okay.
Bye.
So what are we
doin' tonight?
I think I need a date.
Damn it, Anne,
I told you no starch.
Howard, we've been going to
the same cleaners for 19 years.
'Your shirts are exactly
how they always are.'
We both know this
isn't about laundry.
I'm sorry,
but I need everything
'to be perfect
at Eleanor's party tonight.'
I can't screw up.
Eleanor knows
you're the best person
to take her
company public.
She's going to pick you.
Just show up and be yourself.
Look, I'm gonna call
you from the office.
I gotta look over
the proposal one more time.
[door opens]
[sighs]
- 'Hey, mom.'
- Oh, Nate.
Is everything okay with dad?
Just work stuff.
Nothing for you to worry about.
Sure.
[instrumental music]
God! I love New York.
There was only one
theater in Woodbury
and all it ever played
were family movies.
"The Pacifier" played
for, like, a year.
And they said Vin Diesel
couldn't do comedy.
[Vanessa chuckles]
I can't pick.
Overwhelmed by choice.
Whatever you want.
Yeah, sure, whatever.
You do wanna do
something, right?
'I mean, you don't have plans.'
Big night out with
over-privileged under-parented
trust fund brats
from your fancy school?
Ah, yeah, the limo's actually
waiting back at the loft.
Good. We can egg it.
Maybe slash the tires?
[Vanessa chuckles]
So is it weird, having me back?
No. Why, uh, why,
why would it be weird?
Because..
...you said some things
the night that I left--
Things that you immediately
asked me to take back.
Because I was leaving,
but...now I'm here.
Yeah, and it's been
over a year, you know?
A lot has happened, actually.
And I look forward
to hearing about it, tonight.
Late show? Angelika?
Whatever's playing?
[both]
Unless it's "The Pacifier."
[laughing]
Alright. I'll get tickets.
Glad to be home, Humphrey.
Glad to have you, Abrams.
[Chuck]
So what exactly
are you looking for?
Evidence.
Of what?
The captain's dislike
of starchy shirts?
I totally sympathize.
The collars chafe.
'Did you, uh, ask him about
your missing college money?'
Yeah, he said he was
moving accounts around.
'It was all back the next day.'
So why worry?
'Mysterious
financial transactions'
'warring parents.'
Welcome to the Upper East Side.
[intense music]
[scoffs]
Chi Chi get the yayo.
'Nathaniel, I'm shocked.'
I thought you were
strictly an herbal man.
This isn't mine.
[instrumental music]
[Blair]
Who does this Dan Humphrey
think he is?
Serena is putting up
a strong front
but I can see how hurt she is.
We have to help her
heal her heart.
But it's pretty late notice.
And most of the good ones
are already taken.
No more excuses. Serena must
have the hottest date ever.
If he's got plans,
he'll change them.
If he's got a girlfriend,
he'll dump her.
And if he's out of town,
he'll charter a G5
and fly home. Make it happen.
- 'Do you like it?'
- 'That's outstanding.'
[gasps]
- Is it a bong, mother?
- Please.
I didn't take you for a stoner.
It's a...ukh, a hookah.
- Mm-hmm.
- And it is adorable.
It's perfect for my
Moroccan-themed party.
Well, why do you have
to celebrate your Bendel's deal
by turning our penthouse
into an opium den?
Why not? Ha ha ha.
[Blair on answering machine]
'Hey, it's Blair.'
'I'm sorry I can't come
to the phone right now'
'but I'm getting ready
for the masked ball.'
'See you tonight..'
'...if you recognize me'
'which you won't.'
Hey, Blair. It's me.
I, um..
Look, I just, I really
need to talk to you.
It's, uh..
There's this thing
with my dad and, um..
...you know, I just,
I really need to talk to you.
So can you call me back..
...when you can? Thanks.
[sighs]
Well, that's all of it.
[Blair]
'Thank you so much.'
I don't know what I
would've done without you.
- That's okay.
- Thank you.
- Yeah, it was fun.
- I'm glad.
It's all part
of your education.
And it looks like
you're learning.
It's a nice bracelet.
Vintage, right?
The diamonds look real.
It's 'cause they sort of are.
Uh, the man at the store
lent it to me.
Why would he do that?
[gasps]
Oh!
Oh, sweetie, you didn't think
you were gonna be able
to come tonight, right?
I thought maybe, yeah.
Jenny, freshmen don't get
to go to the masked ball.
- It's just tradition.
- No, I know.
It's just that there
were five dresses.
Oh, it..
You always need backup.
I mean, what-what if I spilled
something or a zipper broke?
Yeah, of course.
I'll, I'll remember that.
- Have fun tonight.
- I will.
And don't worry.
Your time will come.
I promise.
'Now if you'll excuse me,
I have to get ready.'
Do you think
that Eleanor Waldorf
will find this..
...night in Tangiers enough?
Maybe if you brought a goat.
You know, Eleanor
always goes all-out.
Speaking of going all-out..
[Serena]
'Yeah, I know.
Tell me about it.'
I don't think the Waldorf women
ever met a theme they
didn't just love. Ha ha.
You going with Dan?
Um, no, Dan has plans, actually.
Doing what?
The question is, with whom?
Oh, I didn't realize.
[inhales deeply]
Well, frankly, I am relieved.
'You know, at your age, you
should be playing the field.'
What about at your age?
You got a hot date tonight?
What? No, please.
Who would I be dating?
[laptop beeping]
'You know what,
I'm gonna go try this on'
and see if I can find a goat.
[laughs]
[laptop beeping]
[instrumental music]
[Serena]
'Well, he's no Dan'
'but I guess he'll do.'
Hey, Jen, you're
not gonna believe this
but, uh, Vanessa
is back in town.
So we're going to a movie
tonight, and I don't know
if you're going
to that ball or not
but I was wondering
if you wanted to come with.
So, uh, we're
getting tickets online.
Call me back.
[Gossip Girl]
Why is it that friends
of Serena van der Woodsen
have to search for her suitor?
Have fables fallen
so out of fashion
that princesses have to do
everything themselves?
Call us old-school,
but sometimes
the fairy tale ending
requires the knight
to get off his ass
and saddle up his steed.
[sighs]
[keyboard keys clacking]
[Dan]
'Maybe it's never
too late for a bold gesture.'
[knocking on door]
Nate, hey.
What are you doing here?
I thought you were, um..
Shouldn't you be getting ready?
I'm sorry to bother you.
It's, um..
Do you have a minute?
Yeah, of course. Come in.
- Thanks.
- Yeah.
Maybe it's old.
You know, left over
from the '90s or something
from some night at Limelight
or The Tunnel?
Our parents did way
worse stuff than we do.
It's not old
and it makes total sense.
I think he's having
some money problems.
Well, have you
asked him about it?
Yeah.
I just wish, you know,
I wish he'd be honest with me.
'It's like he
and my mom, they made'
some secret pact
to act like robots.
Yeah, well, I don't think
that pact is so secret.
I think all of our
parents signed it.
But I'm not
a little kid anymore.
He...doesn't have
to shut me out.
Look, if what you think is right
he's probably really scared.
'Maybe you'll have to tell him
how you feel more than once'
'for him to really
hear you, you know?'
Hey, don't give up, okay?
You should probably go.
You know, I've got-gotta
get ready and stuff.
Yeah, me too. Um..
Look, thanks for just,
you know, listening--
It's fine. Yeah,
don't worry about it.
Chuck just wanted a bump and
Blair's phone was turned off
so it, um...really means a lot.
Yeah, anytime, Nate.
I'll see you tonight, okay?
Alright. I'll see ya. Bye.
Hey, anybody home?
Hey, you and Dan going out?
Just to the movies.
What about you?
A Humphrey man
in a sports coat?
I'd normally ask
if you had a date, but--
But my wife left me, hmm?
Yeah. What's up with Alison?
Dan says she's still upstate.
I thought that was
just for the summer.
So did her husband.
Okay...we'll
circle back to that.
- One issue at a time.
- Like where are my keys?
What do you need keys for?
Just use Dan's window.
Where is Dan, by the way?
Uh, he should
be back in a minute.
Hmm.
So, uh, Dan seems
happy to see you.
Why wouldn't he be?
Well, um, if you don't
mind me saying so..
...when you left here,
you kinda broke his heart.
I'm back, aren't I?
I hated being away
from the city..
...away from Dan.
Did you tell Dan this?
No, not yet, but I'm
planning on it tonight..
...before or after the movie.
I'm...not sure yet.
You know,
I gotta pick my moment.
It's kind of a big deal.
'Hmm.'
Oh, thanks.
You know, there's, uh..
...a lot that's changed
since you were here.
So Dan says.
'But you guys have
always been close.'
You'll figure it out.
- Wish me luck?
- Me too.
- Where are you going, anyway?
- Uh, just some party.
With a friend?
I wouldn't exactly
call her that.
[cell phone ringing]
See ya.
- Hello?
- Hey. Where are you?
- At your house.
- Oh. Oh, you're early.
Yeah, I just couldn't wait.
Oh, um, I tried to get
you before you left.
- I-I feel terrible.
- 'Cause I'm early?
No, because, um..
...I...I totally spaced.
I have this, uh, American
history paper due Monday.
So, you know, I'll
be writing all night.
[Dan on phone]
'I'll make it up to you,
though. I promise.'
Pierogiesat Veselka?
I'll call you tomorrow.
[phone beeps]
[door opens]
Jenny, hey.
Hey.
Wh..
Jenny, what's wrong?
[instrumental music]
And how is this
a favor to me again?
Rufus, look around.
When was the last time
you had access
'to the top people
in music and art?'
Introduce yourself.
Revitalize your flagging career.
Put that sad little gallery
on the cultural radar.
Since when are you the patron
saint of former rock stars?
Since when were you a star?
No, look, leave
if you want to. Really.
Alison would have
a fit if she knew
you were accompanying me
to this party
'even if it was
for your benefit.'
Actually, I don't care
what Alison thinks right now.
Good. Then let me
introduce you to our hostess.
Eleanor.
- Ah!
- It is divine.
Squint, and it'sMarrakesh.
[laughs]Lily.
I had no idea you
were bringing a date.
- How delightful.
- Oh, this is Rufus Humphrey.
- Oh, pleasure.
- It's not a date.
Look, appetizers.
Is that couscous?
Yes, please.
- 'Hey!'
- 'Bart!'
- And...friend.
- Hi.
- Oh. Hmm.
- Something catch your eye?
[whispering]
Oh, I like her outfit.
Lily.
Bart.
- Hello.
- Hi.
I'd like you
to meet Carissa.
- Yeah. Hi, Carissa.
- Hi.
- Hi, Rufus.
- 'Hi.'
- Hmm.
- Well, it's so good to see you.
- Great to see you.
- Enjoy.
- You too.
Okay.
You and Bart Bass?
Suddenly it all makes sense.
You brought me here
to make him jealous.
Oh, well, don't be ridiculous.
Well, I mean,
it's flattering, I guess.
But couldn't you have
done a little better?
- Oh, not on such short notice.
- Ha ha ha.
Eleanor, oh! As-Salaam-Alaikum.
[chuckles]
How are you? This is fantastic.
- It's beautiful.
- God bless you.
So this Blair girl
used you as her slave?
No, I was her handmaiden.
"Handmaiden" is
Jane Austen for "Slave."
She never actually said
I'd get to go to the ball
even if I did
all those errands.
Uh-uh, don't make
excuses for her.
You did all that stuff.
You deserve to go.
I thought you said that masked
balls are totally pretentious.
One woman's opinion.
But if you wanna go,
no Blair should keep you away.
It's not just Blair.
I mean, I don't have a gown.
My friend works in
the costume department at BAM.
We can borrow one.
- Next?
- I don't have an invitation.
Every ballroom has a back door.
What else?
If Blair saw me,
she'd be furious.
Then it's a good thing
you'll be wearing a mask.
[Yeah Yeah Yeahs
singing "Kiss Kiss"]
[chuckles]
On the Upper East Side
appearances are
often deceiving.
From friends to hair color
there's always more
than meets the eye.
♪ We're three we're three
in the dark tonight ♪
♪ And baby my snake
is a shark tonight ♪
♪ He's got youth on his side ♪
♪ He's got small purple eyes.. ♪
Is uptown this way or that way?
It's, uh, that way, and these
things whizzing by here
they're cars. You might
wanna avoid them.
You know what? You'll see
better without this too.
Whoa. That is better.
Hey, you got a name?
Jack Altman.
[indistinct chattering]
Hi, Jack Altman. I just
stepped out for some air.
Altman? Okay.
♪ Everywhere kiss me ♪
♪ No catch no beat.. ♪♪
- Come on.
- Thank you.
Wait, let me see.
Okay, look, I-I know you're
completely morally opposed
to society events
and stuff, but--
We'll deprogram you later.
This is ugly.
- Just go.
- Alright. Thanks.
- Thank you so much. Bye.
- Anytime.
[Nekta singing "Guess Who"]
♪ I'm a good girl ♪
♪ I'm humorous and smart ♪
♪ I read books and speak
French and Latin too ♪
♪ And I'm a good girl ♪
♪ I'm humorous and smart ♪
♪ I read books and speak
French and Latin too ♪
♪ You heard right ♪
♪ Margarita tastes sweeter
than gin on ice ♪
♪ I'm your best friend ♪
♪ I'm glad you've known before ♪
♪ Would you please spend.. ♪♪
What was it we said
about appearances?
Yes, they can be deceiving.
But most of the time
what you see is what you get.
♪ We got to keep it movin'.. ♪
Hey. Have you seen
that girl I was with?
When I grabbed her bag,
I got her house keys too.
Mm-mm. Mm-mm.
♪ We got to keep it movin' ♪
♪ We got to never stop ♪
♪ Make sure that we
take it to the top ♪
♪ Wake up every mornin'
doin' jumpin' jacks ♪
♪ We go anywhere
where the Russians at ♪
♪ I'll be damned
don't be dead.. ♪
What is Nate doing?
He's supposed to go
find Kati and Is.
It's getting late
and I'm losing heat.
Well, you look ravishing.
If I were your man,
I wouldn't need
clues to find you.
Or to ravish me, I'm sure.
Who is that?
[Blair]
'Probably some bitch
from Chapin.'
- A hot bitch from Chapin.
- Forget her.
Go get Nate. Point him
in the right direction.
First things first.
Well, hello, angel.
You must be my lucky night.
'And with taste to boot.'
Apparently not.
- I'm talking to you.
- Beautiful and mean.
I've got chills.
Care to dance with a poor devil?
Why don't we just
skip all that and, uh..
...go somewhere quiet to talk?
I'll get the champagne.
Find me in five.
♪ We got to keep it movin' ♪
♪ Make sure that we
take it to the top ♪♪
Taking a company public
is an enormous responsibility.
There's nothing more
valuable than making
a good first impression,
you taught me that, Eleanor.
[Eleanor]
'Captain, you know
that I adore you'
but you've never
done fashion before.
I have been talking to Calvin's
people, and I have to say..
'...the presentation
is very impressive.'
Enough business talk,
Howard. You're boring her.
- Hmm.
- Eleanor, I've been thinking.
When Nate and Blair get engaged
she should have my
great-grandmother's ring.
The one that Cornelius
Vanderbilt gave her.
Huh.
[indistinct chattering]
- 'You still spying on him?'
- I'm not spying.
I'm just..
...keeping track
of his whereabouts.
Well, so long as you're
watching, he's winning.
If you really wanna
make a man jealous
there's only one thing to do.
Rufus, I invited you
here for many reasons
but knowledge
of romance is not..
[instrumental music]
[chuckles]
That was, um..
...unexpected.
Give him 20 minutes.
- I need a drink.
♪ La la la ♪
So every time we see
their yacht now
we just...pull out
our air horns and let 'em rip.
[laughs]
Wow.
I tell you, it is almost enough
to make you never wanna
summer in Newport again.
[chuckles]
Wow, that sounds,
uh...awful.
- It is. It's pretty bad.
- Yeah. Yeah, um, you know what?
If you'll excuse me, I,
uh, I think I'm gonna go..
Change partners?
- Hey.
- Dan.
- What are you doing here?
- I'm saving you.
- I don't need to be saved.
- Really?
'Cause, uh, I could
see your eyes rolling
to the back of your head
from across the room.
Dan.
- Hey.
- Blair sent us over.
She said it's getting late,
and you're taking too long.
"Your lady-in-waiting
is closer than you think.
'Her headdress is feathers
of black and pink."'
- It's her.
- It's me.
What? I'm sorry.
Just find Serena.
She'll lead you to Blair.
Serena. Right.
♪ La la la la ♪
♪ La la la la.. ♪
Boo.
- Let's play a game.
- Well, I'd say strip poker.
But I don't have my cards.
How about, uh, hide-and-seek?
You hide...I'll seek.
And how will you find me?
I don't have any bread crumbs.
Well..
...you can leave me a trail..
of your clothes.
I have truly died
and gone to heaven.
[instrumental music]
[upbeat music]
So how you doing?
[music continues]
Serena, Serena, hey.
What are you really
doing here, Dan?
What am I doing here?
I ran across the city
I rented a tuxedo
I stole this mask
from some drunken kid
only to look like Robin.
I conned my way in here,
all to see you.
I care.
Well, you didn't seem
to care this morning
when you were with another
girl and lied about it.
What? Whoa, whoa, whoa.
I-I didn't, well..
- I did.
- Yeah.
I did, but I
can explain that.
Go ahead.
Give it your best shot.
I was with my friend Vanessa.
We're very close
and she moved away
to Vermont last year.
Now she's back.
Okay, so why'd you lie
and say it was Jenny?
Because I'm an idiot.
I-I don't know why.
Look, Vanessa and I..
...our relationship
is a little complicated
or it was,
before I met you.
And honestly, I didn't want
anything to get in the way
of you inviting me
to this-s-s..
...stupid party.
Well, I was gonna invite you.
Really?
So you're not into,
uh, Pompous Ass IV?
[chuckles]
You're saying you're not
into old friend Vanessa?
That is exactly
what I'm sayin'.
[instrumental music]
Oh, yes, the other part
we love about a masquerade
when the mask finally comes off
and the truth
is revealed to all.
[music continues]
[upbeat music]
Will you excuse me?
I just saw the last person
I ever expected to see.
Yeah. How can I say no to that?
I'm sorry.
Vanessa. Vanessa. Hey.
- This is...a surprise.
- Funny.
- I could say the same thing.
- What-what are you doing here?
I'm writing
an American history paper.
Wait. That was
supposed to be you.
When did we start
lying to each other?
I-I merely refrained
from sharing the truth
which would have
sounded a lot more like
a lie than what I told you.
- Humphrey.
- I'm..
I didn't understand that either
I admit.
But what was I going to say?
That I was renting a tuxedo
to attend a masked ball
without a mask or an invitation
to go get a girl
who-who not only has
a mask and an invitation
but another date?
At least, it's honest.
- You-you hate this world.
- So do you...or so I thought.
Alright, what's
going on here, exactly?
Did you...follow me here
'to prove that I was lying?'
Yes, Dan, that's why I'm here.
I stalked you because I am
just so obsessed with you.
Wait, don't stop there,
you're the whole reason
I came back to New York
'cause I just couldn't
stop thinkin' about you.
Alright, I get the point.
You can lay off the sarcasm--
How about I lay off
the whole evening?
- Bye.
- Wait, wait, wait, stop.
Hold on. Listen,
I'm, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry that I lied
about writing a term paper.
You said you love me.
[instrumental music]
Loved...you in the past
and in a pre-shaving
16-year-old kind of way.
You know, I mean,
things have changed.
[Vanessa]
Clearly.
Looks like someone's traded up.
- So that's, um--
- Vanessa, yeah. She's..
Beautiful.
I-I-I have to go after her.
I'm sorry.
[instrumental music]
- Feel free to find me.
- I found your pants.
Well, you're getting warmer,
which is an achievement
considering
you're already hot.
Well, you better hope
it doesn't get cold.
What is that supposed to mean?
[door slams shut]
Hey, what the hell? Hey!
My phone is in my pants
and I'm stuck up here, bitch!
[Dan]
Vanessa!
Vanessa, wait, please.
Why won't you wait?
Come here. Oh.
Because you're not Vanessa.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Case of mistaken identity.
Ironically, not involving masks.
[instrumental music]
[indistinct chattering]
Lily. There you are.
Oh. I just needed a moment.
- That, what just happened--
- The kiss?
Yeah, it made me
feel a little--
- Nostalgic?
- Nauseous.
Right, um, ouch.
No, I'm-I'm kidding, kind of.
I'm sorry, Rufus. I-I..
Maybe I shouldn't
have asked you here.
Right, um, and, um..
...I'm sorry I kissed you
but I did it
because that mercenary
in the starched white shirt
he doesn't appreciate...
everything you have
over an attractive
25-year-old mannequin.
'Cause beauty fades.
Though yours has done a
remarkable job of-of holding on
and in the long run,
it's gonna be his loss.
And I thought he should know
how it feels to lose you.
'Cause trust me,
it's not fun.
[instrumental music]
[footsteps approaching]
I think it worked.
Lily, may I speak
with you for a moment?
If you'll excuse us.
[music continues]
Happy to help.
[whispering]
She means nothing..
[music continues]
[elevator bell dings]
[Beck singing "Timebomb"]
♪ We got a timebomb ♪
♪ Na na na na.. ♪
Jenny?
- Hey.
- Serena.
Um, look, you didn't
see me here, okay?
Yeah, don't worry about it.
Just one in a series of things
I'll pretend
didn't happen tonight.
- Is everything okay?
- I'm not sure.
Dan surprised me
by showing up here.
- Well, go, Dan!
- Yeah.
Except then he
threw me for a loop
by chasing after
some girl named Vanessa.
No, V's Dan's best friend.
Yeah, well, they seemed like
a little more than that.
[instrumental music]
They've kind of got
a history, don't they?
Sure.
'But, I mean, Dan's never
liked a girl like he likes you.'
Really. I mean, come on,
he's at a masked ball.
And I think he'd go
basically anywhere with you..
...except for maybe the
Ice Capades, 'cause that really
freaked him out
when he was five.
[laughs]
You know what? I..
I think I'll go
and try to find him.
I don't know how I'm
gonna find anyone.
This stupid mask keeps
falling over my eyes.
Well, I'd give you mine,
but masks come off at midnight
and I kind of need my
disguise to get out of here.
You know what?
You wanna trade?
Sure.
Thanks.
And here, take this.
It's so hot in here
and you'll probably
be cold outside.
Here you go.
Hey, did you
have fun tonight?
It was everything I hoped.
Good.
[both chuckle]
- Okay, let's see.
- Here.
- Oh, thanks.
- Pretty.
[upbeat music]
Serena, just don't say
anything and let me explain.
[whispers]
Oh, my God.
I've...been trying to do
the right thing,
but it's killing me.
Look, I know we
both care about Blair
but maybe the best
thing is for me
to just tell
her the truth.
I'm not over you.
And I thought I could
fight it, but I can't.
[music continues]
And if you don't stop me,
I'm gonna kiss you.
Uh!
[Serena]
Nate?
- W-wha..
- 'Nate, what are you doing?'
It's almost midnight.
You have to find Blair.
Look, okay, whatever.
Just forget the clue.
She's wearing big, tall
boots and a big old crown.
Just go, okay? Hurry.
♪ We got a timebomb ♪
♪ We got a timebomb.. ♪♪
Serena, have you seen Nate?
Hey!
[clinks]
[all]
'Five, four, three, two..'
- Jenny.
- It's midnight!
Masks off!
[all cheering]
Serena! Serena!
Sere-Serena, wait. I'm so sorry.
Serena! S..
[music continues]
Little Jenny Humphrey
manages to get my pants off
and have me not enjoy it.
Quite the accomplishment.
Good thing someone else at the
party was as lecherous as you
or you'd still
be up on that roof.
And, no, I don't wanna know
what you had to do
to get that tux.
This is me.
Alright, Chuck,
I'll see you in the a.m.
Uh-uh. No, you didn't
find me by midnight.
No happily ever after for you.
Blair, I'm-I'm sorry.
[sighs]
All I wanted
was for us to start over.
And you didn't even try.
[instrumental music]
[Chuck]
'Well, at least somebody's
having a good night.'
[car engine starts]
[indistinct chattering]
[phone rings]
- Hello?
- Serena, hey.
What.. Will you please
just talk to me? Please.
- Why did you run away from me?
- Wait.
What are you talking about?
You're the one that ran away.
I don't think so. Blond hair,
yellow dress, black furry thing?
There is only one
Serena van der Woodsen.
[Serena]
'Yeah, no, not tonight.'
Let me say..
...for the record..
...I like you.
Only you.
Well, that's good, because..
...I feel the same about you.
I'm glad that's cleared up.
[instrumental music]
Hey, um, you know,
I hear the Ice Capades
are coming to town.
Well, if you're there, so am I.
[chuckles]
[music continues]
Hey.
You guys are up late.
We were celebrating.
[Anne]
'Eleanor Waldorf has agreed'
to let your father's firm
take her company public.
- Congrats. That's great news.
- 'It is.'
[Anne]
'Which is why I was
looking for a wine opener'
so I could surprise your father
with a bottle of Margaux
which is how I found this.
♪ This is the way you left me ♪
♪ I'm not pretending
no hope no love.. ♪
Well...what do you have
to say for yourself, Nate?
- What?
- Well, it isn't mine.
'And it isn't your father's'
'so that only leaves one
other person in this house.'
[scoffs]
♪ But not together ♪
♪ Wake up in the mornin' ♪
♪ Stumble on my.. ♪
Hey, you're still up.
- Yeah, not that tired.
- Well, I am. I'm exhausted.
I ended up going
to that ball, actually.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah.
Well, your night's not over.
There's someone here to see you.
♪ This is the hardest story ♪
♪ That I've ever told.. ♪
Pierogies?
I come in peace.
Great. 'Cause I'm starving.
♪ I feel as if I'm wastin' ♪
♪ And I'm.. ♪
- Look--
- Save it, Humphrey.
You've never done contrite well.
Besides, I'm the one
who should apologize.
No, really, I am. I should
have told you about Serena.
- And I should have asked you.
- Well..
I shouldn't have
lied about tonight.
And I shouldn't
have run out on you.
Look, if we're gonna
be friends again..
...we're gonna have
to figure this stuff out.
You're right.
And I've missed
having a friend.
I've missed being one.
We can start slow,
with the basics.
Like, uh, fewer lies,
more Ukrainian food?
And you telling me
about everything I missed
while I was gone...
such as Serena.
♪ If I pretend that
nothin' ever went wrong.. ♪
Well...she's pretty fantastic
almost as good as this pierogi.
Yeah, she's got this crazy
mother who's always, like
sparring with me, and-and this,
and this best friend
who's very hard
for me to deal with.
The best friend has a boyfriend
who's hard for me to deal with.
It's-it's all very hard..
♪ I feel as if I'm wastin' ♪♪
[theme music]
[music continues]